Hahaha, what do you mean?
What do you mean?
It means that I, Jiang Tiansheng, regret it.
Haha, how can you go back on it?
Why can't I go back on it?
Our Jiang Family's White Tiger Club
I've been doing this all the time
The business of empty gloves and white wolves
A fat sheep your size
How could I let it go so easily?
Don't blame me if you dare to hit me
Humph
You White Tiger Society
There is no need to exist in this world anymore
Kill him for me
I'm going to play him to death slowly
Jiang Shao Jiang Shao
He hit you
It has nothing to do with me.
Jiang Shao
Jiang Jiangxiang has nothing to do with me
You let me go
I beg you to let me go
Uh, you're okay.
That little cripple
You are his boyfriend
You have to go with them.
Boyfriend
Let's not talk about these, okay?
Save him, I don't want you to save him
You cripple
If it weren't for you, how could this happen to me?
If Jiang Shao had given it obediently at the beginning
How could this happen?
Dead cripple go away